{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Damodar Bashyal\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 LinkedIn: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://au.linkedin.com/in/dbashyal/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
dbashyal
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Twitter: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/dbashyal"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
dbashyal
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Personal Websites:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dltr.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
dltr.org
}}}
 - My magento + Web development blog\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://codefight.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Codefight CMS
}}}
 - My Custom CMS based on then most popular PHP framework called Codeigniter CMS.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Address:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 PO BOX 1124, Rockdale, NSW 2216, Australia\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Message me on linkedin for contact number.}\line {\i References will be provided on request}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Objective\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 To obtain a challenging and rewarding Senior Magento Web Developer position where I can utilize my knowledge, proficiency, and skills to contribute to a company's growth.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Work experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Senior Magento Developer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs20 Dick Smith Electronics (September 2014 - Present)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fix mess of digital agency (one of the gold magento partner).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Make website stable. It used to go down for atleast 10 mins after each deployment before I joined the company.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab I was responsible for applying every security patch released by Magento.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab I upgraded company's website to latest major version (1.14.2.3) successfully.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Currently we are working on new theme based on angularJS. Cart and checkout is already live.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 (Please refer to my linkedin profile to find what my CIO and all the managers has to say about me and my work at Dick Smith)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Senior Web Developer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs20 Acidgreen Pty Ltd (April 2008 - September 2014)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab I started as an osCommerce developer and later switched to another Open Source Ecommerce Platform Magento since version 1.3.2.4.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab I was the first magento developer at Acidgreen, and one of the first in whole Australia before everyone started using this ecommerce web software for their ecommerce projects.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Being one of the most experienced magento developer sometimes I had to work with clients like Ficeda (Yamaha), Baby Got Style, My Catwalk at their own primises when they want to protect their privacy and want someone inhouse.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab I was lead developer for one of our biggest magento client Binglee at acidgreen. I wrote most of the backend code including all extensions that we developed at acidgreen for this website.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Being largest project, Binglee, taught a lot and now I am more than comfortable with any size and complexity of project. This project helped me to boost my can do attitude.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Here I develop magento projects from scratch to until it goes live alone or with team collaboration.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Learned to use svn and then git and now capistrano to auto deploy projects to staging and live.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Created few magento extensions which runs in many popular sites like binglee, dlink, ficeda (yamaha), paddy pallin etc.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab You can find my love to open source at github which includes my free magento extensions - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/dbashyal"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://github.com/dbashyal
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Web Developer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs20 Visiontech Digital Media (Jan 2007 - April 2008)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab started as a junior PHP web developer being my first job as a web programmer.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab learned a lot about web servers, hostings, proper coding and most importantly codeigniter which became my all time favorite open source PHP framework.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab learned to work alone and with a team.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab developed awesome websites with codeigniter which includes afyf.com.au, cityliving.com.au, irisproperty.com.au\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Qualifications\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Magento CE & EE (backend + frontend). I am a Magento Certified Web Developer.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Linux, Apache, Mysql, PHP, nginx, Vagrant\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Codeigniter PHP Framework (I developed codefight cms with this framework by myself)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab JavaScript, jQuery & angularJS\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Photoshop\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab GIT, SVN\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab HTML5, CSS3\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab AWS\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab SEO etc...\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Bachelor in Information Technology (2003 - 2004)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs20 University of Ballarat\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Some of the subjects I studied there includes C# .Net C C++ Java Linux\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Diploma In Information Technology (2000 - 2003)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs20 Clarendon Business College\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Interests\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Travel.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Reading Books On:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developing Magento Extensions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Search Engine Optimisation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Different Programming Languages.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Some of the websites I developed alone or was part of development team includes:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dicksmith.com.au"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.dicksmith.com.au
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dicksmith.co.nz"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.dicksmith.co.nz
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.movestore.com.au"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.movestore.com.au
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Dicksmith websites uses magento enterprise\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.binglee.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.binglee.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab wrote few extensions and coded most of the backend.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab did some frontend work as well\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab uses magento enterprise\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dlink.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.dlink.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab help tiding up code and optimize it\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab wrote custom 404 extension to reduce number of 404 pages.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab wrote extension that would give flexibility for client to enable check payment on admin only or both.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab uses magento community edition\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dlink.co.nz/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://dlink.co.nz/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab (coming soon)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.aquashop.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.aquashop.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Help team member to setup & guide to develop magento site\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Help with features, bug fixes and optimisation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab uses magento community\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.babysgotstyle.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.babysgotstyle.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab develop website from scratch based on old website with custom extensions\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab uses magento enterprise\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.beddingco.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.beddingco.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab developed responsive website from scratch using custom magento extensions and jquery plugins\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab did 100% of the development work i.e. backend and frontend.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab uses magento enterprise\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.dealsdownunder.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://www.dealsdownunder.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab part of beddingco\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.blueboxworkwear.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.blueboxworkwear.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab did full development alone\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab wrote custom magento extensions\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab uses magento community\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://chainsoflove.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://chainsoflove.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab developed full site alone with the help of magento community edition\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.costumebox.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.costumebox.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab this was exisiting magento project on community edition\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab wrote nav manager and browser detection extensions to create custom nav for mobile devices\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab wrote log manager to view system log data from admin for client so they can monitor log and request to fix any error.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.crazyclarks.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.crazyclarks.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab finish up half done site\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab optimise\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab wrote custom store locator extension\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab uses community edition\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.samswarehouse.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.samswarehouse.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab part of crazy clarks\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.desking-systems.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://www.desking-systems.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab developed full website on magento community\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ficeda.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://ficeda.com.au/
}}}
 (Yamaha Motors)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab after months with another development company this project came to us with crappy code and broken site.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab I went to yamaha office and work with their IT team as they lost trust with agencies outsourcing work without client's knowledge and dragging site for months and result in a crappy site.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab I had to redo all work with same version of magento as agreed. Their trust was regained with more project work offered to us.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.k-co.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.k-co.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab optimisation and bug fixes\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab wrote custom extension that would send unique coupon code to every new newsletter subscribers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab uses magento community edition\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.paddypallin.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.paddypallin.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab upgraded previous magento version to latest at the time\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab wrote custom store locator extension\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab uses magento community edition\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pukaraestate.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.pukaraestate.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab initial magento setup for new project development and wrote stockist functionality.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.swimmingspecialists.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.swimmingspecialists.com/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab this is old project which I did full web development using oscommerce\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sydneytools.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.sydneytools.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab help with development and optimisation\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.vimwood.com.au/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://www.vimwood.com.au/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab full development using magento community edition\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab coded brand extension, store extension and navigation extension\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Recommendations received on LinkedIn\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Paul Keen\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs20 (Chief Information Officer at Dick Smith Electronics)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Frankly, Damu knows he's stuff. From day one, he proved his in-depth knowledge of Magento and started to increase our technical skills. He works well in the Agile teams and has brought capability and stability to one of the largest e-commerce sites in AU/NZ. Highly recommended.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Ming Yan\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs20 (Technical Lead at Dick Smith Electronics)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Damu is a Magento guru who has comprehensive Magento knowledges and skills. Since joining the team, Damu has proven himself with his excellent work and focus on details. Thank you Damu for all your effort to make the Dick Smith website faster, more efficient and more stable. Damu is also always committed to the work and I really appreciate his positive working attitude, apart from his technical skills. It is really great to have Damu in the team.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Mike Larcher\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs20 (Founder of Acidgreen, Outsourced, and Academ)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Damodar worked with me for over 6 years and is a loyal, dedicated and diligent employee. He was one of the first Magento Developers in Australia and has worked with me on many exciting projects including the Bing Lee's first e-commerce store in Australia. Damodar has been consistently reliable and willing to always go the extra mile. He is a fantastic developer and individual I would highly recommend him to any potential employer.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Emmanuel Negri\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs20 (Development manager at Acidgreen)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Damodar is a dedicated web developer who will get the job done who has experience working on both front end and back end.\line In the last few years, Damu's has been focusing on the Magento eCommerce platform with both Community and Enterprise edition.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 From configuring and theming the platform to installing and customising third party extensions as well as implementing bespoke functionalities, Damodar has a great knowledge of the beast!\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Mark Binns\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs20 (Current Head of Search at Acidgreen)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I feel privileged to work with Damu. He is a fantastic developer. Sometimes it is not easy to prepare a really tight brief but he always seems to understand exactly what it is that you are looking for. His work has made me look really good on a number of occasions. He is extremely modest, conscientious and reliable.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Andrew Rovenko\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs20 (Former Lead Web Developer at Acidgreen)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I worked with Damodar on a number of web projects (mostly Magento eCommerce platform based), and it was always fantastic to have him on the team.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Damu is very dedicated, practical and solution oriented person, with many years of development experience and in-depth understanding of web application design and architecture, as well as various related technologies from back-end to front-end, database and server configuration.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He is also a great troubleshooter and isn't afraid of the challenges, however complicated the problem or requirements might be. This combined with great work ethic and professionalism made Damu an invaluable team member, who would deliver working and reliable solutions even under very tight timelines and I would highly recommend Damodar for any web development related role.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Aleasha Harris\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs20 (Former Project Manager at Acidgreen)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Damodar was one of the best devlopers that I worked with at AcidGreen. He was always polite and curteous in his dealings with internal staff and external clients, prompt in compleleting his assigned tasks ans escalating any issues.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Perry Burgess\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs20 (Current Project Manager at Acidgreen)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I have worked with many developers over my years but few with such an attitude that Damodar brings to the table. It is one thing to be a master of your trade but it is another to be able to articulate and explain that trade in an enthusiastic and casual manner. I believe Damodar is a great asset to any team & one of the most efficient and hard-working individuals I have ever had the pleasure to collaborate with.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 View more on my {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://au.linkedin.com/in/dbashyal/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
linkedIn profile
}}}
.\par}
}
